Add mention of WordPad as 'unavailable' <Task 23495284> (#3321)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/administration/server-core/what-is-server-core.md

| Mstsc.exe                          | not available   | available                      |
| Remote Desktop Services            | available       | available                      |
| Hyper-V Manager                    | not available  | available                      |

> | WordPad <sup>1</sup>               | not available  | available                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WordPad\*               | not available  | available                      |
```

For more information about what *is* included in Server Core, see [Roles, Role Services, and Features included in Windows Server - Server Core](server-core-roles-and-services.md). And for information about what *is not* included in Server Core, see [Roles, Role Services, and Features not included in Server Core](server-core-removed-roles.md)

> <sup>1</sup> To read .rtf  files locally stored on Server Core SKU, users can copy to a different Windows computer where WordPad is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* To read .RTF  files locally stored on a Server Core SKU, users can copy the file(s) to a different Windows computer where WordPad is present.
```
